Reorganizing Data section for BDP (#10256)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/data/braze_data_platform.md

---

> nav_title: Braze Data Platform 

Reviewer: is it possible to not have "braze data platform" and "infrustrature" as the two top level pages, and instead something similar to the following:

- Infrestructuor
- Data unification
- Data activation
- Data distriution
- Technology partners

while the new reorg is 100% conceptually clearer/better organized, there are now a few cases where some pages are 6 levels deep, which makes it quite hard to locate.

i think by at least grouping these 2 two level sections together, it will make it easier for end-user to find content overall--without loosing the good work you did to conceptually reorgize it.

Author: Hmm, let me think about this as a potential phase 2 🤔 I do agree that the nesting got kinda crazy with the subpages though

Reviewer: is there a reason to do it as a phase 2 and not apart of this PR, as it doesn't seem to be a heavy lift and the reason for this request is related to a change made in this PR?

if its due to SME/PM push back, i'm happy to help support if you need it 👍🏽  just want to make sure we are only implementing changes that go against best practices if there's a good end-user use case for it. and if there is, i'd be helpful for me to know as well so i can better understand

Author: Taking this convo over to the Slack thread 🕵️

article_title: Braze Data Platform 
page_order: 1
layout: dev_guide

guide_top_header: "Braze Data Platform"

> guide_top_text: "Braze Data Platform is a set of comprehensive, composable set of data capabilities and partner integrations that empowers you to create personalized, impactful experiences across the customer lifecycle based on three data related jobs to be done: Data Unification, Data Activation, and Data Distribution.<br><br>**Unify your data** in Braze by consolidating first-party data from any source using APIs, SDKs, and built-in ingestion tools like Cloud Data Ingestion and Data Transformation. <br><br>**Activate your data** by cleaning, organizing, and preparing your data for use. This involves understanding your customers' behaviors and preferences in real-time with user profile and segments. <br><br> Lastly, **distribute your data** by streaming it to external systems for next-step insights and decisions. By using a combination of features in the Braze Data Platform, you can leverage your data to create meaningful, targeted messages that respond to what your customers do in teal-time."

Author: ```suggestion
guide_top_text: "Braze Data Platform is a set of comprehensive, composable set of data capabilities and partner integrations that empowers you to create personalized, impactful experiences across the customer lifecycle based on three data related jobs to be done: Data Unification, Data Activation, and Data Distribution.<br><br>**Unify your data** in Braze by consolidating first-party data from any source using APIs, SDKs, and built-in ingestion tools like Cloud Data Ingestion and Data Transformation. <br><br>**Activate your data** by cleaning, organizing, and preparing your data for use. This involves understanding your customers' behaviors and preferences in real-time with user profiles and segments. <br><br> Lastly, **distribute your data** by streaming it to external systems for next-step insights and decisions. By using a combination of features in the Braze Data Platform, you can leverage your data to create meaningful, targeted messages that respond to what your customers do in real-time."
```

> guide_top_text: "Braze Data Platform is a set of comprehensive, composable set of data capabilities and partner integrations that empowers you to create personalized, impactful experiences across the customer lifecycle based on three data related jobs to be done: Data Unification, Data Activation, and Data Distribution.<br><br>**Unifying your data** in Braze means consolidating first-party data from any source using APIs, SDKs, and built-in ingestion tools like Cloud Data Ingestion and Data Transformation. <br><br>**Activate your data** by cleaning, organizing, and preparing your data for use. This involves understanding your customers' behaviors and preferences in real-time with user profile and segments. <br><br> Lastly, **distribute your data** by streaming it to external systems for next-step insights and decisions. By using a combination of features in the Braze Data Platform, you can leverage your data to create meaningful, targeted messages that respond to what your customers do in teal-time."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
guide_top_text: "Braze Data Platform is a set of comprehensive, composable set of data capabilities and partner integrations that empowers you to create personalized, impactful experiences across the customer lifecycle based on three data related jobs to be done: Data Unification, Data Activation, and Data Distribution.<br><br>**Unify your data** in Braze by consolidating first-party data from any source using APIs, SDKs, and built-in ingestion tools like Cloud Data Ingestion and Data Transformation. <br><br>**Activate your data** by cleaning, organizing, and preparing your data for use. This involves understanding your customers' behaviors and preferences in real-time with user profile and segments. <br><br> Lastly, **distribute your data** by streaming it to external systems for next-step insights and decisions. By using a combination of features in the Braze Data Platform, you can leverage your data to create meaningful, targeted messages that respond to what your customers do in teal-time."
```

> guide_top_text: "Braze Data Platform is a set of comprehensive, composable set of data capabilities and partner integrations that empowers you to create personalized, impactful experiences across the customer lifecycle based on three data related jobs to be done: Data Unification, Data Activation, and Data Distribution.<br><br>**Unifying your data** in Braze means consolidating first-party data from any source using APIs, SDKs, and built-in ingestion tools like Cloud Data Ingestion and Data Transformation. <br><br>**Activate your data** by cleaning, organizing, and preparing your data for use. This involves understanding your customers' behaviors and preferences in real-time with user profile and segments. <br><br> Lastly, **distribute your data** by streaming it to external systems for next-step insights and decisions. By using a combination of features in the Braze Data Platform, you can leverage your data to create meaningful, targeted messages that respond to what your customers do in teal-time."

Author: ```suggestion
guide_top_text: "Braze Data Platform is a set of comprehensive, composable set of data capabilities and partner integrations that empowers you to create personalized, impactful experiences across the customer lifecycle based on three data related jobs to be done: Data Unification, Data Activation, and Data Distribution.<br><br>**Unifying your data** in Braze means consolidating first-party data from any source using APIs, SDKs, and built-in ingestion tools like Cloud Data Ingestion and Data Transformation. <br><br>**Activate your data** by cleaning, organizing, and preparing your data for use. This involves understanding your customers' behaviors and preferences in real-time with user profile and segments. <br><br> Lastly, **distribute your data** by streaming it to external systems for next-step insights and decisions. By using a combination of features in the Braze Data Platform, you can leverage your data to create meaningful, targeted messages that respond to what your customers do in real-time."
```
